[DOCS-12851] restructure Cloudcraft overlays section + CCM updates (#33471)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/observability.md

- To select multiple (but not all) hosts, hold down the <kbd>Command</kbd> key on Mac or the <kbd>Control</kbd> key on Windows while clicking on each host.

{{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/observability_overlay_with_fleet_2.mp4" alt="Observability overlay in Cloudcraft, clicking on a resource group, and opening the side panel to display the bulk update feature." video=true >}}

## View Datadog coverage

In the bottom left legend, the **View Datadog coverage by** dropdown allows you to inspect the installation status for specific features. Each row shows:

- Feature name (for example, APM, Logs, CNM)
- Numerical coverage: X / Y (for example, 16/35), where:
  - X is the number of resources with that feature enabled
  - Y is the total number of relevant resources in the current view or filter

### Legend

| Pin Color | Description                                               |
|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Green     | Agent and feature are both enabled                        |
| Gray      | Feature is not enabled                                    |

> | Yellow    | Agent is installed but requires an upgrade               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Yellow    | Agent is installed but needs an upgrade to enable all features               |
```
